So, bitch. Ever since his dad died, he treats the rest of the shareholders like crap.
Dad, without Grayson group support, our own pharmaceutical production mind might...
If that's the case, then we're gonna have to take him out. Now it's Old Main Grayson's birthday,
day and a half from now. You're coming to the party with me.
So, this is Miss Black, the woman who went from secretary to the wife of a CEO so very quickly.
Oh, and she's fashionably late. Oh, woman has no respect for anyone, many of her stuff.
Yeah, I'm sorry. We actually got caught up prepping grandpa's present.
Wow! Looks nice. Must have cost a fortune.
Yeah, it looks like you've gotten very used to spending your new husband's money.
Actually, I didn't cost Benny, but it is priceless.
I bet you won't mind me opening it then.
Really? I mean, come on, look around. A wine glass costs more than your crap.
This doesn't belong here in neither do you.